Update JDBC Tracing for Oracle Custom trace (#6327)
OpenLiberty/docs: modules/ROOT/pages/jdbc-tracing.adoc

</jdbcDriver>
----

Add the following option to the `jvm.options` file to ensure that all trace is produced.
[source, txt]
----
-Doracle.jdbc.Trace=true
----

[#OracleCustom]
==== Oracle customized tracing

> The Oracle driver tracing will be combined with Liberty tracing by default since both utilize the `java.util.logging` library. As of version 23.0.0.2, Liberty has added support for the seperation of Oracle trace from Liberty trace. This will allow users to provide standalone Oracle JDBC trace when requested by Oracle support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Oracle driver tracing is combined with Liberty tracing because both traces use the `java.util.logging` library. However, Liberty also supports separating Oracle trace from Liberty trace. You can use this function to provide a stand-alone Oracle JDBC trace to Oracle support, if needed.
```

Reviewer: I don't think we need to make this statement version-specific because the OL docs are versioned and the information wont appear in versions prior to 23.0.0.2.

> The following `server.xml` file example shows you how to configure the Oracle debugging driver.  No trace specification is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following `server.xml` file example shows you how to configure the Oracle debugging driver to produce separate trace. No trace specification is required.
```

[source, xml]
---
<jdbcDriver id="oracleDriver">
  <library id="oracleDebug">
      <file name="path_to_oracle_driver/ojdbcX_g.jar"/>
  </library>
</jdbcDriver>
---

The remaining configuration is provided by system properties.

> Add the following required properties to the `jvm.options` file to enable a new file based logger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following required properties to the `jvm.options` file to enable a new file-based logger.
```

[source, txt]
----
-Doracle.jdbc.Trace=true

> -DoracleLogFileName=<desired-log-name>.log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-DoracleLogFileName=<your-log-name>.log
```

> -DoracleLogPackageName=<desired-package-to-trace>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-DoracleLogPackageName=<package-to-trace>
```

----

> Additional customization can be added to the `jvm.options` file. The following example lists the default values when none are configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also customize the configured trace in the `jvm.options` file. The following example lists the default values when none are configured.
```

Reviewer: > The following example lists the default values when none are configured.

This seems a bit confusing- does that mean that no default values exist unless you specify them from jvm options?

Author: @dmuelle good question.  I wanted to show an example of other properties a user could configure AND the default values that will be used if they do not configure them in the same code block. 

If you think it is confusing I can go back can be more verbose.

Reviewer: IF I'm understanding correctly, the example as configured now shows values you wouldn't actually need to configure this way, which could be confusing. If that's the sae, I think it would be better to list the default values separately (or point to where Oracle lists them) abnd give an example of how to supply alternative values. 

But if I'm making it more complicated than it actually is, then it might be fine as you have it :)

[source, txt]
----
-DoracleLogFileSizeLimit=0
-DoracleLogFileCount=1
-DoracleLogFormat=SimpleFormatter
-DoracleLogTraceLevel=INFO
----

> Note: `oracleLogFileSizeLimit=0` means there is no limit and the file can grow to any size. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifying: `oracleLogFileSizeLimit=0` removes the size limit and the file can grow to any size. 
```

> For updated settings recommended by Oracle please visit their https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/21/jjdbc/JDBC-diagnosability.html#GUID-5E8CB599-C7D8-48E7-87E7-53559D22D318[support page].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Oracle recommended settings, see their https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/21/jjdbc/JDBC-diagnosability.html#GUID-5E8CB599-C7D8-48E7-87E7-53559D22D318[support page].
```

The following `server.xml` file example shows you how to configure the Oracle debugging driver to produce separate trace. No trace specification is required.

[source, xml]
---
<jdbcDriver id="oracleDriver">
  <library id="oracleDebug">
      <file name="path_to_oracle_driver/ojdbcX_g.jar"/>
  </library>
</jdbcDriver>
---

The remaining configuration is provided by system properties.
Add the following required properties to the `jvm.options` file to enable a new file-based logger.

[source, txt]
----
-Doracle.jdbc.Trace=true
-DoracleLogFileName=<your-log-name>.log
-DoracleLogPackageName=<package-to-trace>
----

You can also customize the configured trace in the `jvm.options` file using optional properties. 

[source, txt]
----
-DoracleLogFileSizeLimit=<size-in-bytes>
-DoracleLogFileCount=<number-of-files>
-DoracleLogFormat=<SimpleFormatter|XMLFormatter|your-fully-qualified-class>
-DoracleLogTraceLevel=<SEVERE|WARNING|INFO|CONFIG|FINE|FINER|FINEST>
----

> The previous properties are optional because Liberty will use default values if they are not configured. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous properties are optional because Liberty uses the default values if they are not configured. 
```

> The previous properties are optional because Liberty uses the default values if they are not configured. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous properties are optional. If no values are configured, Liberty uses the following default values:
```

> The default values are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
